Following TCP Streams
Wireshark allows us to
view network traffic
including the contents
of each packet.
However, we’re often more interested
in streams of data
between various applications.
We can make use of Wireshark’s
ability to reassemble a specific session
and display it in various formats.
To view a particular TCP stream, we
can right-click a packet of interest,
such as the one containing the
USER command in our FTP session…
…then select Follow >
TCP Stream.
The reassembled TCP stream
is much easier to read,
and we can review our
interaction with the FTP server.
Because FTP is a clear-text protocol,
we can see the commands and output
sent and received by our FTP client.
We can clear the filter clicking the ‘x’
to the right of the display filter.
Note that this does not
restart the capture.